Update documentation to reflect Analytics.js limitation (#5336)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/appcues/index.md

### Server

As an alternative to a traditional JavaScript implementation, Appcues offers a server-side destination with Segment. 

You may find the server-side destination useful if you'd like to send user profile or event data to Appcues from another Segment partner service. You can use the server-side destination alongside the JavaScript destination, which you may find preferable to routing all data through the JavaScript destination. 

As with the JavaScript destination, you can segment and target user profile and event data received through the Appcues server-side Segment destination.

For example, using the server-side destination, you can direct customer profile and event data from a CRM tool into Appcues. You can then use the directed data for content targeting and user segmentation in the Appcues content editor, alongside data from Segment's `analytics.js` destination.

> Please note, server side implementations can only be used with server or mobile sources. Analytics.js sources will default to a device-mode connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info "Implementations can only be used with server or mobile sources"
> Analytics.js sources will default to a device-mode connection.
```
